What is re-act writer Well maybe in the future you want to build an application that has more than just
one view.
For example it's going to give you a dumb dumb example.
I mean the code that Facebook Dotcom is going to be the kind of Facebook for developers.
So you have several options right here on the header.
I'm just going to click I guess.
And then it's going into road and it's going to take us to a new route which is going to be Iowa.
And then it's going to show a new view.
Right.
Pretty simple.
So react is just to create a single page single page apps.
So right out of the box we didn't have the ability to do this.
We need to install something else just kind of a middleware or extension or library or whatever you
want to call it so we can change this behavior.
We need to install something first.
And this is called re-act router.
I'm going to just minimize this.
I'm starting with a new project called re-act router to react router.
You can call it whatever you want.
I'm going to go to the view and much we need to always just do the same thing.
Just go to the terminal and create just bring the boiler.
The boiler plate for this.
I'm going to do the same thing before if you remember is going to be create dash re-act dash app and
then just a space.
And since I am inside the folder I want I'm just going to do it.
I'm going to click enter.
It's going to take a couple of minutes and then I'm just going to pause the video and then just come
back.
OK so everything is installed right now.
We have the the the the module for this.
I'm sorry the boulder the boulder played for react so we're going to be using re-act router.
So we need to install this as a node module so we can go again just to the terminal and we're going
to do and PM install and then begin to do react Dasch router dash and Dom.
OK that's what we are going to install.
Begin to be working with the Bush number four so we can do that.
And then just for Dot zero dot zero.
OK.
That's the the fourth release.
So we can work with the same version maybe in the future they're going to be they're going to update
you for power forward for point one or four point something.
And if there's a difference of course I will update the course.
Now we're going to do is space and minus minus.
Safe.
OK.
This is going to save the re-act router inside the package.
Jason Richa it's going to be on the whole list for all the dependencies that we have right here.
So.
OK I'm going to just click enter.
It's going to take again just a couple minutes past the video and then just just move forward.
OK so everything is install right now.
And just like before.
I'm going to go to the public and the source file folder and I'm going to delete the Favia can that
OK and then the manifest Jason.
OK we're just going to leave the index.
That's a e-mail.
Inside the public folder we're going to go to the source and I'm going to read the app.
The TSA is going to the media that J.S..
And then app that test.
We're going to lead the index that says we're going to leave the index that day.
And then just as Weegee and the service workers are going to go inside that index they're just going
to select everything and just delete everything.
We're going to start with a clean clean Spaceward workspace.
I'm going to do NPM start just right now.
It's going to take a few seconds just to make sure that everything it's working ok.
Starting everything should be working fine.
Of course it's not going to work on the screen on the local host.
It is working.
We have these Sibiu inside the local host 3000.
Let's go to the next section.
I'm going to start with re-act murder.